feat(create-quasar): Add <script setup> option for TS (#13949)
quasarframework/quasar: docs/src/pages/start/how-to-use-vue.md

You'll be building your Quasar app using `*.vue` files which contain multiple sections: `template` (HTML), `script` (Javascript) and `style` (CSS/SASS/SCSS/Stylus/Less) all in the same file.

> Currently it is recommended to use `<script setup>` syntax. Check out [VueJS documentation](https://vuejs.org/api/sfc-script-setup.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, it is recommended to use Composition API with `<script setup>`. Check out [Vue.js documentation](https://vuejs.org/api/sfc-script-setup.html) for more information.
```

```html
<template>
  <!-- you define your Vue template here -->
</template>

<script setup>
// This is where your Javascript goes
// to define your Vue component, which
// can be a Layout, a Page or your own
// component used throughout the app.
</script>

<style>
/* This is where your CSS goes */
</style>
```

> But you can still use syntax without `setup` if you wish. The only difference is within the `<script>` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But you can still use Composition API without `<script setup>` or Options API if you wish. The only difference is within the `<script>` tag.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
